.\"
.\" Kbsh man page.
.\" Copyright (C) 2011, 2012 Zack Parsons <k3bacon@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" This file is part of kbsh.
.\"
.\" Kbsh is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" Kbsh is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with kbsh.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.TH "KBSH" "1" "MARCH 2012" "K3BACON SHELL v0.1"

.SH NAME

\fBkbsh\fR - K3BACON Shell

.SH SYNOPSIS

\fBkbsh\fR [\fBLong options\fR] [\fBShell options\fR] [\fBFile\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION

\fBKbsh\fR is an sh-compatible* command language interpreter that executes
commands read from the standard input or from a plain text file.

\fBKbsh\fR is designed to replace those big, slow shells (ie Bash). It aims to
provide the same functionality* as Bash, but in a much smaller size.

*\fBKbsh\fR is still in early development and is lacking some key features.

.SH OPTIONS

\fBLong options:\fR
  \fB\-\-help\fR                  Display help text and exit
  \fB\-\-version\fR               Display version information and exit

\fBShell options:\fR
  \fB\-c [string]\fR             Read commands from [string]
  \fB\-i\fR                      Run kbsh as an interactive shell
  \fB\-s\fR                      Read commands from standard input
  \fB\-abefhkmnptuvxBCHP\fR      Only used for compatibility

\fBFile:\fR
  Read commands from a plain-text file and exit

.SH COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2012 Zack Parsons
.br

\fBKbsh\fP is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.br

\fBKbsh\fP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

.SH "BUG REPORTS"
Report bugs to: <k3bacon@gmail.com>
